Configuration to reduce database size (#796)
radixdlt/babylon-gateway: CHANGELOG.md

>   - `/state/entity/page/non-fungibles/` (when using `non_fungible_include_nfids` opt-in)
>   - `/state/entity/page/non-fungible-vaults/` (when using `non_fungible_include_nfids` opt-in)

### What’s new?

> - New configuration options `DataAggregator__Storage__StoreTransactionReceiptEvents`, and `DataAggregator__Storage__StoreReceiptStateUpdates` for data aggregator to configure if transaction's receipt events and receipt state updates should be stored in the database. It is meant to be used by gateway runners who want to reduce their database size. Keep in mind that when disabled `/stream/transactions` and `/stream/transactions` will not return that data.

Reviewer: A few things:
* `/stream/transactions` is repeated twice - do you mean a different endpoint?
* On first reading, it sounds like `/stream/transactions` won't work? Do you mean the receipt fields for the given transactions return `null` or `{}` or is the field just missing? or something? 

I think we want:
```suggestion
- New configuration options `DataAggregator__Storage__StoreTransactionReceiptEvents`, and `DataAggregator__Storage__StoreReceiptStateUpdates` for the data aggregator to configure if a transaction's receipt events and receipt state updates should be stored in the database. It is meant to be used by gateway runners who want to reduce their database size. Keep in mind that when disabled, the corresponding properties will be missing on the `/stream/transactions` response for filtered out transactions. You can save significant space by using `StoryOnlyForUserTransactionsAndEpochChanges` and only excluding round change transactions, which aren't typically read from the `/stream/transactions` endpoint.
```

Author: ok committed slightly altered suggestion (it also affects committed-details endpoint).

        - Renamed `entity_vault_history` to `vault_balance_history`. Holds information about vault content (amount of fungibles or count of non fungible ids inside vault) at a given state version.
    - Key value store
        - New `key_value_store_totals_history` table, which holds total count of all keys under a given store at a given state version.
- Changed `receipt_state_updates` in the `ledger_transactions` table to be nullable.

> - Moved all `receipt_event_*` columns from `ledger_transactions` to separate `ledger_transaction_events` table.

Reviewer: Out of interest, why did we move the events to a separate table, but not also the state updates?

Author: because all events_ columns related to events and they are logically separate concept to rest of receipt. I don't think it makes sense to create separate table for just one column. i.e we could in future create one for all "raw" receipt data that's basically forwarded from core API.
